hi my name is Brad II you're watching an
Arms LLC demo video today we'll be
demonstrating for you the arms fifty
three two to three rifle this gun is a
unique gun you can see some of the laser
engraving that comes that is part of the
arms LLC family of customization custom
serial numbers this one was created for
one of the owners his initials and uh oh
he is 53 so some of the unique features
of this firearm the polymer stocks all
the way around so you have a polymer for
grip polymer pistol and polymer
telescopic stock these guns come in
different forms they can come as a
pistol with a solid butt plate back here
that will allow it to be a pistol as a
solid polymer stock like shown here on
the 308
and you can get a telescopic stock like
this one or we can make it a full rifle
by putting a fake suppressor can on the
end of this rifle this gun comes with
many different custom finishes they can
come in a parkerized black a baked on
enamel finish they can come
powder-coated like this one in grey
yellow green or any color you can think
of you can have laser engraving on them
and we can also do custom finishes on
the guns for a 500 dollar upgrade like
this gun here on the arms 5 some of the
polymer furniture can also be painted as
demonstrated on another one at our arms
53 this is a gun that was custom painted
for our company arms LLC you can see
that the polymer all the way around
including the magazine is all painted
this gun is a fully functional firearm
it does look good above the mantel but
it is a fully functioning firearm Arms
LLC is known for their fit and finish of
our firearms so they are there is
welding all of these guns are
handcrafted from rolled steel we fold
them over weld the receivers together we
spend a lot of time on fit and finish in
our firearms making sure that you can't
tell where we did the work that we had
to do each one of these guns is custom
built for you we're gonna demonstrate
now the arms 53 so I'm going to set this
gun down briefly I'm gonna put on my
hearing protection magazine is here two
to three caliber gonna go ahead insert
the magazine wait for the click magazine
is good and tight this is a registered
machine gun we will be shooting it that
way today stock is out we're going to be
shooting it right over here into the
water charging handle we're gonna break
the
oh go ahead and open it up chamber is
open gun is ready to shoot and we'll be
demonstrating the arms 53 I hope you're
ready here we go
vault is open chamber is empty the arms
53 comes as demonstrated in the
customized version and we also have the
arms 53 AR version with a rear charging
handle you can get these as a front
charging style classic front charging
style order we can also do it in a rear
charging style here where there is no
break and this is in the super short
version of five and a half inch barrel
broke charged this is the Arms 53